// Copyright (c) 2000-2007, NXP Semiconductor
// Copyright (c) 2007-2014, Delft University of Technology
// Copyright (c) 2015-2017, Auburn University

Mextram Model Intellectual Property Notice, Disclaimer and License

Software is distributed as is, completely without warranty or service 
support. Auburn University, NXP Semiconductors, and Delft University of 
Technology, along with their employees are not liable for the condition 
or performance of the software. 

NXP Semiconductors, Delft University of Technology, and Auburn 
University own the copyright and grant users a perpetual, irrevocable, 
worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license with respect to the 
software as set forth below. 

NXP Semiconductors, Delft University of Technology, and Auburn 
University hereby disclaim all implied warranties. 

NXP Semiconductors, Delft University of Technology, and Auburn University grant 
the users the right to modify, copy, and redistribute the software and 
documentation, both within the user's organization and externally, 
subject to the following restrictions: 

1. The users agree not to charge for the NXP Semiconductors, Delft 
University of Technology, and Auburn University-developed code itself 
but may charge for additions, extensions, or support. 

2. In any product based on the software, the users agree to acknowledge 
NXP Semiconductors, Delft University of Technology, and Auburn 
University that developed the software. This acknowledgment shall appear 
in the product documentation. 

3. Redistributions to others of source code and documentation must 
retain the copyright notice, disclaimer, and list of conditions. 

4. Redistributions to others in binary form must reproduce the copyright 
notice, disclaimer, and list of conditions in the documentation and/or 
other materials provided with the distribution. 

